README.md, before:

This website is an attempt to list open bug bounty and coordinated vulnerability disclosure programs in Switzerland. Feel free to contribute by submitting PRs.

## Bug Bounty Program
Company / Org | Visibility    | Scope        | CH Legal Safe Harbor | Notes / Comments
------------- | ------------- | ------------ | -------------------- | ----------------
[20min.ch](https://bugcrowd.com/twentyminuten) | public | selected systems | | US based Legal Safe Harbor
[Airlock](https://hackerone.com/airlock) | semi-public | selected systems |  |
[BLS AG](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/bls/protected) | semi-public | selected systems | yes |
[fidentity AG](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/fidentity) | public | selected systems | yes |
[GObugfree](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/bbh) | public | selected systems | yes |
[Just Eat](https://www.just-eat.ch/bugbounty) | public | selected systems | |
[localsearch](https://www.swisscom.ch/en/about/security/bug-bounty.html) | public | organization | | Runs as part of the Swisscom bug bounty program
[netplus.ch SA](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/netplus/protected) | semi-public | selected systems | yes |
[ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com/blog/protonmail-bug-bounty-program/) | public | selected systems | |
[ProtonMail](https://www.bugbounty.ch/proton/) | semi-public | selected systems | yes | semi-private incubator to scale up the existing, public program
[Republik](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/republik) | public | selected systems | yes |
[Ringier](https://go.bugbounty.ch/programs) | semi-public | selected systems | yes |
[Roche](https://hackerone.com/roche) | semi-public | selected systems |  |
[SCIP](https://www.scip.ch/?bugbounty) | public | organization | |
[Swiss Post](https://www.post.ch/en/about-us/responsibility/swiss-post-bug-bounty) | public | selected systems | yes |
[Swisscom](https://www.swisscom.ch/en/about/security/bug-bounty.html) | public | organization | |
[TX Group](https://bugcrowd.com/tamedia) | public | selected systems | | US based Legal Safe Harbor

## Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Company / Org | CH Legal Safe Harbor | Notes / Comments
------------- | -------------------- | ----------------
[ABB Group](https://global.abb/group/en/technology/cyber-security/alerts-and-notifications) |  |
[Bexio](https://www.bexio.com/en-CH/policies/responsible-disclosure-policy) |  |
[Cern](https://home.cern/sites/home.web.cern.ch/files/security.txt) |  |
[Covid-19 certificate system](https://www.ncsc.admin.ch/ncsc/en/home/dokumentation/covid-certificate-pst/infos.html) | yes |
[EBU](https://www.ebu.ch/about/contact-us/vulnerability-disclosure) |  |
[Kistler](https://www.kistler.com/en/vulnerability-disclosure-policy/) | yes |
[Nexthink](https://www.nexthink.com/responsible-disclosure-policy/) |  |
[SBB CFF FFS](https://company.sbb.ch/en/sbb-as-business-partner/services/vulnerability-disclosure-policy.html) | yes |
[Shift Crypto](https://shiftcrypto.ch/policies/bug-bounty-policy/) |  |
[Swiss Government](https://www.ncsc.admin.ch/ncsc/en/home/infos-fuer/infos-it-spezialisten/themen/schwachstelle-melden.html) |  |
[SwissCovid Proximity Tracing System](https://www.ncsc.admin.ch/ncsc/en/home/dokumentation/covid-public-security-test/infos.html) | yes |


## security.txt
Company / Org | Notes / Comments
------------- | ----------------
[Cyon](https://www.cyon.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[Digitec](https://www.digitec.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[Galaxus](https://www.galaxus.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[Hornbach](https://www.hornbach.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[Pädagogische Hochschule Zürich](https://phzh.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[SwissAnwalt](https://swissanwalt.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[SWITCH (AS559)](https://www.switch.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |

Commit message:

Add reference to github pages

README.md, after:

This website is an attempt to list open bug bounty and coordinated vulnerability disclosure programs in Switzerland. Feel free to contribute by submitting PRs.

This listing is best viewed on [github pages](https://antoinet.github.io/swiss-bugbounty-programs/).

## Bug Bounty Program
Company / Org | Visibility    | Scope        | CH Legal Safe Harbor | Notes / Comments
------------- | ------------- | ------------ | -------------------- | ----------------
[20min.ch](https://bugcrowd.com/twentyminuten) | public | selected systems | | US based Legal Safe Harbor
[Airlock](https://hackerone.com/airlock) | semi-public | selected systems |  |
[BLS AG](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/bls/protected) | semi-public | selected systems | yes |
[fidentity AG](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/fidentity) | public | selected systems | yes |
[GObugfree](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/bbh) | public | selected systems | yes |
[Just Eat](https://www.just-eat.ch/bugbounty) | public | selected systems | |
[localsearch](https://www.swisscom.ch/en/about/security/bug-bounty.html) | public | organization | | Runs as part of the Swisscom bug bounty program
[netplus.ch SA](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/netplus/protected) | semi-public | selected systems | yes |
[ProtonMail](https://protonmail.com/blog/protonmail-bug-bounty-program/) | public | selected systems | |
[ProtonMail](https://www.bugbounty.ch/proton/) | semi-public | selected systems | yes | semi-private incubator to scale up the existing, public program
[Republik](https://app.gobugfree.com/programs/republik) | public | selected systems | yes |
[Ringier](https://go.bugbounty.ch/programs) | semi-public | selected systems | yes |
[Roche](https://hackerone.com/roche) | semi-public | selected systems |  |
[SCIP](https://www.scip.ch/?bugbounty) | public | organization | |
[Swiss Post](https://www.post.ch/en/about-us/responsibility/swiss-post-bug-bounty) | public | selected systems | yes |
[Swisscom](https://www.swisscom.ch/en/about/security/bug-bounty.html) | public | organization | |
[TX Group](https://bugcrowd.com/tamedia) | public | selected systems | | US based Legal Safe Harbor

## Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Company / Org | CH Legal Safe Harbor | Notes / Comments
------------- | -------------------- | ----------------
[ABB Group](https://global.abb/group/en/technology/cyber-security/alerts-and-notifications) |  |
[Bexio](https://www.bexio.com/en-CH/policies/responsible-disclosure-policy) |  |
[Cern](https://home.cern/sites/home.web.cern.ch/files/security.txt) |  |
[Covid-19 certificate system](https://www.ncsc.admin.ch/ncsc/en/home/dokumentation/covid-certificate-pst/infos.html) | yes |
[EBU](https://www.ebu.ch/about/contact-us/vulnerability-disclosure) |  |
[Kistler](https://www.kistler.com/en/vulnerability-disclosure-policy/) | yes |
[Nexthink](https://www.nexthink.com/responsible-disclosure-policy/) |  |
[SBB CFF FFS](https://company.sbb.ch/en/sbb-as-business-partner/services/vulnerability-disclosure-policy.html) | yes |
[Shift Crypto](https://shiftcrypto.ch/policies/bug-bounty-policy/) |  |
[Swiss Government](https://www.ncsc.admin.ch/ncsc/en/home/infos-fuer/infos-it-spezialisten/themen/schwachstelle-melden.html) |  |
[SwissCovid Proximity Tracing System](https://www.ncsc.admin.ch/ncsc/en/home/dokumentation/covid-public-security-test/infos.html) | yes |


## security.txt
Company / Org | Notes / Comments
------------- | ----------------
[Cyon](https://www.cyon.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[Digitec](https://www.digitec.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[Galaxus](https://www.galaxus.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[Hornbach](https://www.hornbach.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[Pädagogische Hochschule Zürich](https://phzh.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[SwissAnwalt](https://swissanwalt.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
[SWITCH (AS559)](https://www.switch.ch/.well-known/security.txt) |
